So let's continue working with this example.
And if a kid in the sign you can see that we have three products from the come kids that we want to
display right here and of course if we're if I already have some experience with wordpress you may remember
that we have a fun show on our class called the where the query is a way that you can equate it to databasing
Wordpress and of course that way you can use it right here.
That is really common that people want to display same prose from a specific category.
So in the short coating really with Google maps you will find a lot of use for shortcuts.
So for example we had race in products and you can use these if you really have experience with wordpress.
A lot of routines use these kind of shortcuts that you can copy and paste into Wordpress and display
some specifics like a contact form as Leydet a menu and everything.
So we can use a shortcut based Pacific browes words would have fit feature brokes we have specific broke
if you want to display these products you can pass these to display some specific products if you want
to either i brother in the car by default you can use these Halsell and then we have this product category.
So for example you can use broad category to display a specific probe you only pass the name of the
category so we're going to copy these.
And this is charcoal.
They diea of the shark code is to be used for example right here on the Hill.
You come Basie's right here and that something they come
and up the
so you can be that post
comforted some pleural blue right.
It's so relo and you can see that we have some comforts right here.
So the idea of the shark goes is that they are to use for example the poster pages.
So this is the idea of using these code but they are really come and wordpress provides a function to
use that charcoals into your code.
So right here we're going at the HP and the function is called do underscore charcoals
sure go and then incensing because we're by the name of the Shergill in this case it's comfits
and we need to echo these values.
A.I here so we can reloading in the front in.
And you can see that we have the brother of it maybe you can see in the design we have three different
products and this is Sunday printing one.
If you open the categories right here come kids you will find that is it only has one broke.
So we need to have at least two more programs to continue working with the design in the next video
we're going to have two more probes that made this look a little better.